---
title: "My first blog post"
date: 2024-06-24
---

About Me
I am currently pursuing my Master of Science in Computer Science at The University of Texas at Arlington. With a passion for technology and innovation, I have developed a diverse skill set in programming, web development, and machine learning. My goal is to continuously learn and contribute to the field of computer science.

My Background
I hold a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from MIT ADT University in Pune, where I developed a strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, and various programming languages. My educational journey has been complemented by hands-on experience in both academic and professional settings.

Professional Experience
Graduate Teaching Assistant at The University of Texas at Arlington: I developed a specialized faculty portal using JavaScript and MongoDB, and provided support to students in lab sessions.
Technical Operations Lead (freelance) at Codestrike: I created dashboards in New Relic to monitor user engagement and troubleshoot issues using OpenSearch.
Key Projects
Cloud-Based Photo Album Web Application: Engineered a secure photo management application using Google Cloud Storage API.
Interactive Weather Web Application: Developed an application with Google Maps API and OpenWeather API for accessing weather data.
Cutting Edge Visual Question Answering for Formula 1: Created a VQA system for F1 videos using Python and PyTorch, boosting engagement by 40%.
Expalk: Developed a web application for mentorship and learning, integrating Flask APIs with Firebase and Agora SDK.
Skills
I am proficient in a variety of programming languages including Java, Python, C/C++, HTML, JavaScript, and Shell Scripting. My expertise extends to databases like MongoDB, MySQL, and PostgreSQL, as well as developer tools such as Git, Docker, and Kubernetes. I also have experience with machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch.

What to Expect
In this blog, I will share:

Project Updates: Detailed descriptions and updates on the projects I’m working on.
Technical Insights: Tutorials, tips, and insights on programming, web development, and machine learning.
Personal Reflections: My thoughts on the latest trends in technology and my personal growth in the field.
Connect with Me
I’m always eager to connect with like-minded individuals and professionals. Feel free to reach out to me via LinkedIn or check out my work on GitHub.

Thank you for visiting my blog. I look forward to sharing my journey with you!
